making food she's not why I see her she
when you hunt you can't make it no quest
you like a friend Alegre why
looking at a lot can't really dances
she's teeth Mar like this Jorgenson oh
when I can sweet delicate reach self
Kansa do not Kansas I'm going higher you
are growing your growing very much a lot
I don't let go why are you gonna throw
up
tell me do you want me to give you some
medicine ginger ale
that's gonna make your tummy fill but
only your tummy hurts
maybe because you're hungry
not because you're hungry
hey what did you get gentlemen why I can
make me feel good
what's wrong with you you're such a
faker Matthew back look at mommy
are you being a faker are you sure you
are fine
just all of a sudden you feel like
you're gonna throw up
are you using your manners that's very
not nice
that was mean it was rude how you asked
right now why cuz after doing my ginger
ale foot cuz I can throw up so just open
up peas really sick
like you Matthew then let me give you
medicine Ginga will make me feel better
let me just give you medicine then if
you feel sick the medicine will make you
feel better
oh yes no the medicine will make you
open P okay and then do you want me to
take you to doctors right so he can
check you if you're sick but what about
if we go to the hospital I mean if I
mean if you're really sick we should
probably go to the hospital
not just ginger oh right
is it working
seriously you feel better no yeah oh I
would take some time how long does it
take and then up there long a little bit
long so you have to drink a lot of it
and then you're gonna feel better I
don't know mister
so how do you feel now I'm not good yet
how long does it take so alright can i
mommy get ready so we can go out you
think you'll feel better
first after dick my changeable fast I
can't go right now
why okay your eyes look a little sad no
like you're still sick maybe you are
sick all you're doing your sad face are
you gonna feel better
who loves you
how much does mommy love you Matthew too
much too much I love coming to you do
cuz I'm going up like at that oh yeah
he's growing up like a dad pop ups no
you don't want him to grow up like a dad
yeah